hey welcome back to Motorhead garage we
can see what Sam and I have here in the
shop right now it is a classic Camaro
and beautiful and in black got to be
really careful when it's black
everything's got to be straight on that
that's right and you know you go to show
if you see these cars restored made a
restomod
total restorations 67 68 69 Camaro and
Firebird looks great until you opened
the trunk exactly and look what you find
in here you know you get all the marks
here you got the the structure inside
here to give it strength its stock it's
the way it's supposed to be but you know
a lot of guys go and they like to try to
clean it up a little bit make it look a
little bit better and you can do that
you can take to the upholstery shop have
them make a big panel in here and fix it
up but didn't cost you a lot of money to
do that don't cost you a lot of money
it's usually flat this has got a lot of
shapes and contours if you don't want to
lose that you know we you want to retain
the looks of the car and and all of the
classic you know lines inside the deck
lid hood it's a great way to do that
well and you want to make something
that's going to look like it always
should have been there exactly and
that's what we have right here this is
from Moody's upholstery let me show you
what we found this is this is really
great for you guys out there especially
for the Camaro and the Firebirds all
right what sixty-seven nine yeah this is
what it is this is a trunk lid cover
this is what it looks like right here
and you can see this is the unpainted
version this is black but this is
designed to fit perfectly right under
here you know this is ABS plastic it's
real strong as well made you know where
this came from the guy named Bill moody
friend of mine you know a lot of people
know Bill Moody he's been doing
upholstery feel like 35 or 40 years he
did a custom upholstery job for a guy
with a Camaro and the guy wanted
something done here he made a nice
fitting panel for that if they took the
car to show like everything else people
started asking and asking before that
the demand went into full production and
that's the way a lot of the performance
industry started show how it holds on
flip it over you can see right here got
velcro on it so it goes on really easy
it absolutely fits perfectly it's
industrial-strength velcro and it's pre
mounted now this is going to go this way
okay and you want to you know fit it in
place first
just to see how it look at how nice like
a glove he spent hours with this thing
there it is and it really finishes this
car and in black just looks pretty good
does well if you want to paint it you
can take and paint it here's an example
of one that's been painted mm-hmm and if
you really want to step up I got it then
you can go and pick up one like this you
can have it upholstered like you see one
right here is a sample of it yeah
partially upholstered you can put a
little padding in there really does a
nice job magic how nice that come out
this color was out of a Camaro
Convertible the top the seats in this
all match it look great well they're so
easy to install it only takes about two
minutes to do it right all you have to
do is first step is go ahead clean this
area down here with some prep saw so
that velcro stick let's go ahead and get
started on that Sam man I tell you what
that is spotless all the way around I
hopefully will get a good adhesion now
first of all you want to test fit this
thing to make sure everything's gonna
line up yeah before you peel off any of
the velcro deal and this thing I mean
these fit he's got them down to a
millimeter I promise you I'll tell you
what there is absolutely no issue there
right but you always want to check this
because you never know if this is
adjusted around you may need to trim
there a little bit but and you want to
make sure you get it on there exactly
right because once you put all that
velcro it's not coming off very easily
and also when you put it on you're gonna
put it on from this area and then up
that way from here we fold it up right
okay all right let's go ahead and we'll
peel these things off and this can take
just a few seconds here you know the
good news is the velcro area is very
well to the ABS plastic in its
industrial-strength velcro what's on
there it's on you I guarantee you you
know you you can get these things from
classic industries and what's the other
one heartbeat heartbeat city camaro coms
got them classic industries got them and
I'll tell you if you got a sixty seven
eight or nine finish your trunk do a
nice job how you doing over there buddy
I got this one just about ready to go
here it's exciting you watching it's
nice exciting ok you peel tape here we
go
fit it tight up here yep all right put
it on there here put your on here there
we go and there you have it folks that's
one way to finish the inside of this
trunk just look at the difference when
you do this you had a show and you open
your trunk for a judge bang and again if
you're a nice different college yet some
silver or red you can paint this ABS
takes paint real well and glossy are you
taking your funky shops them to do like
your interior I'll tell you what it does
set off your Camaros well folks we've
run out of time we'll see you again next
time here on Motorhead garage hope you
enjoyed it see you next time
this looks good yep a little pressure up
under here
you